Feature/v2 updates (#30)
fivetran/dbt_salesforce: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_salesforce 0.7.0
🎉 Salesforce Package Updates 🎉

> We are updating the Salesforce package! To improve its utility, the changes include the following:

Reviewer: Can you reference the PR here and make a blanket statement that this PR involves the following changes.
```suggestion
PR [#30](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_salesforce/pull/30) includes various updates to the Salesforce package! To improve its utility, the changes include the following:
```

> ## Features

Reviewer: Can you also add any new variables that you updated the README.

Reviewer: I would also include any new variables that were added. If you want to just link to the section of the README that details these variables then I think that would be good as well.

>   - Creating a new Contact Enhanced, Daily Activity, and Opportunity Line Item Enhanced model as well as updating the Opportunity Enhanced model.

Reviewer: Minor request, can you add the model names to match what the user will see in their warehouse. So "Contact Enhanced" should be `salesforce__contact_enhanced`.
